- I think that I have definitely improved over the course of this class, even though I'm still not that good at coming up with conclusions and I have a tendency to miss some of the finer points in certain things; however, I think the use of technology helps, especially as I am more comfortable with technology than others, and the use of the technology can help to make aspects that I'd struggle to notice easier to see. As for the learning outcomes, I'd say that I have done well in the first 3 learning outcomes (maybe the 2nd one a bit too much, I'll admit), I still need to work on the prequiste skills for the 4th one, but I think I've made some progress in it, and I am not sure I can say how I've done in regards to the 5th one as it would be better judged from an external perspective rather than my own as I'm not sure I can make a fair judgement that isn't too harsh. 

- I'd say I've grown in my ability to critique technology and see flaws in systems, also to realise the problems that exist inside academia, including in digital history, with no recognition and in some cases no pay being given to those who do most of the work, most of the major projects being lead by men as due to systemic problems, they are more likely to get tenure, and the ethical quandry of using volunteers to digitise works. 

- Most of my failures in this course, aside my entire week 5, were rather mundane technical errors aside from my computer's failure. However, I would like to focus on the failure of week 5, as I feel in general my work was substandard and I wasn't happy with anything produced during that week; however, I learned from that failure and was more encouraged then every to try and make my last week better. I'd say what I learned from that glourious failure, is not to let that failure get me down and ruin the following weeks. 

- I did get help from a friend of mine who is also taking this class, I wanted to help others, but it's more complicated than that for me. 

- I think Week 6 went pretty well for me, I'm happy with the work I did and the result from it. I found the topic especially interesting as most of the highway robbers I ever knew about from growing up in the UK were men, so that made me curious, and especially as I decided on the topic after hearing "Stand and Deliver" on the radio early last week. Learning about the women accused of highway robbery was interesting and I found some excellent stories, such as the ones highlighted on the posters. 

- I think I could apply the criticism of technology and the use for historical purposes to this class. Also some of the technology that you have introduced us to in this class is of great use, not for its intented use, but still useful. For instance, I needed a command line tool that would allow me to download a youtube video with control over the quality settings, not for piracy, I needed it to test some software I'm working on that takes regular 4:3 aspect ratio video and uses a mix of computer imaging, Artificial intelligence, and motion tracking, to make it into a modern widescreen format, without having to ruin the picture by stretching it. I had been unable to find something that would download the video for that with control over the quality, so I thank you greatly for that. Also the data manipulation tools such as OpenDefine will definitely prove useful in work with data sets. 

- As for my knowledge about digital history, there is no comparision given that I wasn't entirely sure what it entailed coming into the class and I feel I at least have something of a grasp on the subject now. I would say that everything finally came together for me this week, better late than never. 
