## Techniques used
### API
- Using their API, I got the data for my project from the oldbaileyonline.org. Initially I was just going to use highway robbers in general, but having noticed some of their search refining features, I opted to focus instead on the trials involving women during the, for lack of a better term, "golden age" of highway robbery. Had some technical issues using their API as it works differently from most of the APIs I've used before, but I was able to quickly put together some python code that got the first 99 (It's supposed to return the first 100, but it only ever gives me 99, and I can't figure out why) results that came up when searching for women involved in highway robbery and convert the result from xml to csv. 
### Excel
- Excel was mainly used here for reformatting the data so I could do more with it than I could with the default formatting. Mainly by separating the verdict, date, and sentence from the rest of the description, which had to be done manually. 
### R
- R was very useful in performing certain analytical tasks relating to the data, specifically in quantify the number of reoccurences of a certain term in a column, such as counting the number of Non Guilty and Guilty verdicts or the various punishments that were handed down to those found guilty. Additionally R was useful in generating the charts that would go on the graph, such as the guilty vs. non guilty chart and the  
### Voyant
- Voyant was used without a hitch to make the corpus that is present in the middle of the poster. It was also used to get the information for the bottom part which details the most commonly stolen goods, or at least the most commonly mentioned goods, which given the context they are presented in, we can assume are stolen. This was done by a slightly laborious tactic of editing the word filter like was done in the corpus for week 4, until all that was left at least in the top 20+ most common words were all items that could feasibly have been stolen by a highway robber, then I extracted that information and classified it manually into 4 categories, money, jewellry, alcohol, and clothing. This information was then put into tables using google docs, and then snapshots of these tables were taken to add to the poster. 

